Using an ML approach, we would give an ML model enormous amounts of weather data until the ML
model eventually learned the mathematical relationship between weather patterns that produce
differing amounts of rain. We would then give the model the current weather data, and it would 
predict the amount of rain.

A model is a mathematical relationship derived from data that an ML system uses to make predictions.
Types of ML Systems
ML systems fall into one or more of the following categories based on how they learn to make predictions 
or generate content:

Supervised learning
Unsupervised learning
Reinforcement learning
Generative AI

Supervised learning
Supervised learning models can make predictions after seeing lots of data with the correct 
answers and then discovering the connections between the elements in the data that produce the correct answers. 
This is like a student learning new material by studying old exams that contain both questions and answers. 
Once the student has trained on enough old exams, the student is well prepared to take a new exam. 
These ML systems are "supervised" in the sense that a human gives the ML system data with the known correct results.

Two of the most common use cases for supervised learning are regression and classification.

Regression
A regression model predicts a numeric value. For example, a weather model that predicts the amount of rain, 
in inches or millimeters, is a regression model.
classification
classification models output a value that states whether or not something belongs to a particular category.

Unsupervised
A commonly used unsupervised learning model employs a technique called clustering. The model finds data points that demarcate natural groupings.

Supervised machine learning is based on the following core concepts:

Data
Model
Training
Evaluating
Inference



LINEAR Regression
 In an ML context, linear regression finds the relationship between features and a label.